Hey what's up.
Welcome to my lesson.
As you know we are learning to make our theme ready for good Amberly.
We already know what good Amber is.
You've been introduced to this new amazing tool we enable some cool features.
We fixed some bugs etc. In today's lesson.
They continue to add support to some other advanced features.
This time you'll learn how to add our own custom colors to the good unbury color palette.
And what's this for.
Well by now you've seen that your users can do almost everything they want when they are editing posts
and pages.
But let's suppose you want the end users to be able to create an element that use only the callers who
have already defined in your film color palette.
Well it had the biggest job of all choosing the callers.
Testing them combining them and you don't want the user to turn his or her website into a rainbow.
Oh my goodness.
Surely you don't want that.
So with Gutenburg you can determine that the user will only be able to choose the colors that you want
through the site.
This will be true for every element that can let you choose different background and text colors for
example blocks such as the paragraph or the button block by default.
Good Amberg already comes with a default color palette set.
So if you create a paragraph block here on the block specter under color settings you already have these
colors defined.
Also the user can choose other colors here but lets put an end to this mass and define her own colors.
First let's add some more support in functions that BHP
the name of this new feature is editor hyphen color hyphen palette for it to work.
We first open an array here and inside to have another array.
And now we're going to pass some arguments the first one is name let's call the gettext translation
function
our name this color blude rad is just a name.
OK the next color won't be exactly blue red but it'll do for the moment.
The next argument is the color slug.
This is very important because it will help us define the color.
As I said its value as blude hyphen.
Read and the last one is color pass the hex color code.
In our case it is still the red color we use snarfing not exactly the blue and red color has said that
it doesn't matter to set a second color.
Just copy this array here.
And change the values.
Let's create an option for the white color for example.
This will only help us show a little color circles in the block inspector.
If the saving reload Gutenburg
now would click to select the paragraph again.
Color settings and look here our colors.
I can use this white color to sad the font color and the red color will be the background of our paragraphs.
I can do the same thing for a button.
For example I add a block with a button
but the problem is that if you look at the front end nothing will appear with the color that we choose.
As I told you earlier we need some customisation before use and most of the features we enable the ADD
themes support.
The reason is quite simple.
If you look at the HMO code for the block here in good Amberg you'll see that WordPress creates a special
class that starts with has hyphen.
Then you have the strength for this like argument and a context of use.
In this case that red color that was used for the background color and that what color said for the
font color in order for them to be available in the front end.
We have to add the corresponding CSSA to the theme CSSA file but it would be like a piece of cake.
Lots of police says file again.
First let's set the red color to the background and the font.
The name of the selector will always start with a has hyphen after words.
We need the colors like blude hyphen red and then the context or the background we use background hyphen
color.
Now just past the color hex code to the background color property.
Now for the font color that space has hyphen blude hyphen right and color as the context of use and
pass the hex code here to the color property.
And that's it.
Now I'll just do the same thing for the white color.
All right.
Just Saveur changes.
And now let's go back to the front and let's reload the page using comb through shift are to clear the
browser cache.
We don't want to load Arshiya says file from the cache.
And there you have it the button and the paragraph everything with the color of it defined.
And one last tip.
Let's assume you don't want the user to choose different colors at all on the site.
You can even disable the color picker for this you need to add some more support.
This one is called disable custom colors so and theme supports
disable hyphen custom hyphen colors
and from now on the user only be able to choose the colors that you define earlier.
That's great.
One cool thing is that could America gives you some tips when the color combination is inconsistent.
This can prevent the user from choosing color combinations with very low contrast for example.
But the final word is yours as the developer.
You're going to define the extent to which your theme will restrict or extend Gutenberg's functionalities.
It's in your hands.
And the same concept also applies for font sizes here in the paragraph block under text settings.
You can set different values for these buttons for example.
Change the S M L and Excel labels and also the font sizes associated with each of them.
The process is very similar to the one I explained in this lesson.
I'll give you a link to the Word Press that communication explaining which codes you have to use to
customize text as the process is very similar to the one that's just seen.
I won't go over it.
OK.
You can take that as an exercise if you want to be implemented.
But I'm going to stick with what they got.
I hope you like it and I'll wait for you then in the next lesson.
Recording.